======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 It and the final part were much more like a fight, in which the enemy would be unable to defend himself. The enemy would try to kill you first before attempting to kill him. Even then they would still be outnumbered. This is part of what makes fighting dangerous.
It is possible you can be exposed by surprise for your own good. Many natural disasters bring out the strongest defenses. If you face this, you might simply have to fight. The enemy may be able to defeat you with a smaller force. There is much in life such as this. There may be better ways of fighting. There are many ways of fighting, including fighting against the common enemy, the weak or the desperate. Of course, you may even need to attack your allies or yourself. When fighting is easy, the whole battle is worth it. When it is hard, there are many possibilities for victory. The only way of victory here is through cunning. If you do not have cunning, it will also be far better if you do not fight. When you are fighting this way, fighting is always worth it. You will have gained many advantages in this fighting, and you will also be able to defeat this enemy with ease. The best way to win is to use strategic advantage. The stronger it is, the better it is. You may well win here by employing defensive advantage (especially against weaker defenders). This will see you outclassed by your weaker defenders in all battles and on all battlefields. Winning here will also prevent your allies from supporting you when they know you may not be quite as lucky. A better strategy here is to be aggressive but not take the initiative. The more the better. 'Happiness' here is not necessarily about winning, rather it is about winning the war which is winning. Success here is being accepted and appreciated. Good war stories tell an exciting story that shows the true strengths and weaknesses of the opposing force. It is important to have a certain sense of humour, and you can tell by the way people react when they hear 'Happiness' and then get angry about it. 'Happiness' and war also reveal that war is not just about winning; it is about defeating the enemy. If you are not fighting, then you might be able to use your cunning to take advantage. This, in turn, does not guarantee victory unless you are right. If you are right, then maybe victory is just as easy as losing; if you can win it it requires far more hard to lose. War is an intense affair with many rules, including the rule of skill, precision, numbers and many others. The rules, in all, are not easy to understand. There are many ways to fight. There are many ways to fight, including fighting against the common enemy, the weak or the desperate. Of course, you may also need to attack your allies or yourself. When fighting is easy, the whole battle is worth it. When it is hard, there are many possibilities for victory. The only way of victory here is through cunning. If you do not have cunning, it will also be far better if you do not go the extra mile into hard terrain. When this is hard, you may also be vulnerable. Knowing who is next can also make you much more successful. In business, being a leader gives you a huge opportunity to grow and is a good way of training the next person. It also gives you the tools and the resources needed to gain the most out of your workforce. People who are good people get to be CEO. Those who are not can always be fired. Businesses also have many rewards and many people who are well loved. It is up to business owners to care about the well being of employees, so business people are also likely to care about what a CEO does or does not do. It is important to also care about the lives of others. Whilst a CEO is always good, people who make bad decisions can make good decisions. The same is true of employees, so the same can happen with directors, business managers and so on. A business leader is often seen by everyone else that the CEO is good and good for the business. This is called 'the double standard'. You may, for example be fired, have your pay cut whilst others are better able to take on increased responsibilities. This creates the effect of you not being 'good enough'. The reality is people want to be in charge and the CEO is often 'one of the many people who does business'. This is how it is perceived; as many believe it is possible to be better than your competitors. This may not mean it is a good idea to just be the best, but it does mean a different approach is needed. Businesses should always consider what can be done in different ways. Whilst this may not be the right way for a business, it should be done in a way that maximise efficiency. What the customer chooses is up to you, not the CEO. This also means that they should have seen the best way to deliver that product then. When this is
